http://qilin.geog.uw.edu:8888/#!/map/458-thejayofoh-third-themeparks

The data from my web scraping lab involved a list of the top 10 theme parks in the United States. In order to display this point layer more appealing, I tried to think of a reason that would explain the positions of these theme parks. In trying to think of this, I came to the conclusion that population densities appeared to have a correlation with the locations of these theme parks. 

As such, I decided to include the population of US as well as the location of major Urban areas, as well as major highways within the US on this map. I had population of the states shaded from a population perspective, lower populations were shaded lightly, and high populations were shaded more dark. I kept a sort of orange/brown color scheme for the colors not involved with the main data so that the viewer wouldn't get too distracted with all of the additional data I'm presenting to them. In order to better encapsulate where the higher population densities were in each state, I also added in the major urban areas within the US. I felt that adding these population data layers lets the viewer analyze for themselves perhaps how the locations of these theme parks came to be. In most all of the cases of these theme parks, they are located in areas with vastly higher concentrations of populations, and are nearby large urban areas.

Just leaving in those 2 layers made the map feel a bit empty, so I decided to also add in major roadways in the US. I had primary highways drawn thicker than the secondary highways, so it felt natural to the eye to distinguish between the two types of major roadways. 
With all those extra data points in the map, I now felt that this map had properly given the user a more in-depth experience in understanding my point layer of the best theme parks in the US.
